README.md, before:

This project is part of a friend challenge.

I have a friend, who I will call as Will, that bets on Blaze. Will told me that he detected sine patterns in the draws on that site and that he won US$4,000 in October/22. I said "Ok, let's check it out, I'll try to predict the draws and we'll see if it is really random or has some patterns as you say" and then this project came to life.

This project is split in 2 Blaze's Products:
• Double - the main Blaze's product
• Crash  - a "new" product

How Double work?
Double has 15 numbers from 0 to 14. If the number draw is 0, the person who bet on color White wins 14x what he bet. If the number draw is 1 up to 7, the person who bet on color Red wins 2x what he bet. If the number draw is above 7, the person who bet on color Black wins 2x what he bet.

We will try to predict these 3 colors using Classifiction models. After that, we will try to predict only the White color - the most profitable color.

How Crash work?
Crash is a time vs profit. Once everyone has placed a bet, counting will begin. As long as it does not "crash", everyone holding the bet win more and more. Anyone can withdraw the bet at any time, but, if it "crashes", whoever is holding the bet will lose it.

The draw can crash at 1x or go up to 2,000x, then, if you have placed US$10, in the first case you will lose everything and in the second you will win US$20,000 if you held it until the end (but who would hold the bet up to 2,000x?!?).

We will try to predict 2 colors using Classifiction models. One color for the draws below 2x and another for draws above 2x.

Commit message:

change readme for single file - double

README.md, after:

This project is part of a friend challenge.

I have a friend, who I will call as Will, that bets on Blaze. Will told me that he detected sine patterns in the draws on that site and that he won US$4,000 in October/22. I said "Ok, let's check it out, I'll try to predict the draws and we'll see if it is really random or has some patterns as you say" and then this project came to life.

This project is split in 2 Blaze's Products:
• Double - the main Blaze's product
• Crash  - a "new" product

How Double work?
Double has 15 numbers from 0 to 14. If the number draw is 0, the person who bet on color White wins 14x what he bet. If the number draw is 1 up to 7, the person who bet on color Red wins 2x what he bet. If the number draw is above 7, the person who bet on color Black wins 2x what he bet.

We will try to predict these 3 colors using Classifiction models. After that, we will try to predict only the White color - the most profitable color.


You can find the notebooks for study in the folder "Double" and the data in "Double_data". There's no other folder because this project is only for study and part of a challenge.
